[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_supported-clients-in-registration.adoc

= Supported clients in registration

[role="_abstract"]

> You can register hosts with the following operating systems and architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register hosts with supported operating systems and architectures.
```
